# The Gaussian Mixture Probability Hypothesis Density filter implementation in python
It's based on "The Gaussian mixture probability hypothesis density filter" by Vo and Ma. Also, OSPA metric is provided for 
performance evaulation.

The `gmphd.py` also contains two simulation examples. The first is actually the example in "Bayesian Multiple 
Target Filtering Using Random Finite Sets" by Vo, Vo, Clark used for performance evaulation of GMPHD filter. The implementation is 
partially based on Matlab code provided by Vo in http://ba-tuong.vo-au.com/codes.html and example doesn't contain target spawning.

The second example is based on simulation example in "The Gaussian mixture probability hypothesis density filter" by Vo and Ma. Also, 
this example demonstrates the spawning situation.

In the main of `gmphd.py`, the first example is generated by calling the functions `generate_model()` and `example1(.)`, and the second example is generated by functions `generate_model2()` and `example2(.)`. In the code provided, the first example will run, but you can switch to other simply by swithing the comments at the beginning. 

Also, the `gmphd.py` contains the function `MC_run()` which is used to simulate 500 Monte Carlo simulations of the example 1. An average OSPA metric is calculated and the result is saved in `MC2ospatnum500.pkl` file. The `MC_plot_results` simply plots the results from `MC2ospatnum500.pkl` file. You can easily modify `MC_run()` to calculate the performance of your own example.
